name: Héros
level: 1
class: Guerrier
race: 
alignment: 
stat_force: 16
stat_dexterity: 14
stat_constitution: 15
stat_intelligence: 10
stat_sagesse: 12
stat_charisme: 8
bonus_maitrise: 2
pv_max: 10
pv_actuel: 10
armure: 0
armure_type: None
arme_principale: None
arme_secondaire: None
initiative: 0
vitesse: 7.5
sauvegarde_force: 0
sauvegarde_dexterite: 0
sauvegarde_constitution: 0
sauvegarde_intelligence: 0
sauvegarde_sagesse: 0
sauvegarde_charisme: 0
competence_acrobatie: False
competence_arcanes: False
competence_athletisme: False
competence_discretion: False
competence_histoire: False
competence_intimidation: False
competence_investigation: False
competence_medic: False
competence_nature: False
competence_perception: False
competence_persuasion: False
competence_religion: False
competence_survie: False
competence_tromperie: False
inventaire: []
armor_type: name: Cuir
type: Légère
armor_class: 11
weight: 10
properties: []
