name: Test
level: 1
classe: 
race: Halfelin
alignment: Neutre
historique: Marchand
stat_force: 8
stat_dexterity: 14
stat_constitution: 10
stat_intelligence: 12
stat_sagesse: 15
stat_charisme: 16
bonus_maitrise: 2
pv_max: 8
pv: 8
armure: 13
armure_type: Cuir
arme_principale: None
arme_secondaire: None
initiative: 0
vitesse: 7.5
sauvegarde_force: 0
sauvegarde_dexterite: 0
sauvegarde_constitution: 0
sauvegarde_intelligence: 0
sauvegarde_sagesse: 0
sauvegarde_charisme: 0
competence_acrobatie: False
competence_arcanes: False
competence_athletisme: False
competence_escamotage: False
competence_discretion: False
competence_histoire: False
competence_intimidation: False
competence_investigation: False
competence_medic: False
competence_nature: False
competence_perception: False
competence_persuasion: False
competence_religion: False
competence_representation: False
competence_survie: False
competence_tromperie: False
inventaire: []
class: Barde
niveau: 1
outils: Luttes
