name: Timy Full One
level: 1
classe: Paladin
race: Nain
alignment: Loyal Bon
historique: Noble
stat_force: 14
stat_dexterity: 9
stat_constitution: 16
stat_intelligence: 14
stat_sagesse: 10
stat_charisme: 9
bonus_maitrise: 2
pv_max: 13
pv: 13
armure: 12
armure_type: Chemise de Mailles
arme_principale: None
arme_secondaire: None
initiative: 0
vitesse: 7.5
sauvegarde_force: 0
sauvegarde_dexterite: 0
sauvegarde_constitution: 0
sauvegarde_intelligence: 0
sauvegarde_sagesse: 0
sauvegarde_charisme: 0
competence_acrobatie: False
competence_arcanes: True
competence_athletisme: False
competence_escamotage: False
competence_discretion: False
competence_histoire: False
competence_intimidation: False
competence_investigation: True
competence_medic: False
competence_nature: False
competence_perception: False
competence_persuasion: False
competence_religion: False
competence_representation: False
competence_survie: True
competence_tromperie: False
inventaire: []
competence: Artisanat
