name: Tutu
level: 1
class: Druide
race: Elfe
alignment: Loyal neutre
stat_force: 8
stat_dexterity: 14
stat_constitution: 10
stat_intelligence: 15
stat_sagesse: 14
stat_charisme: 14
bonus_maitrise: 2
pv_max: 8
pv_actuel: 10
armure: 14
armure_type: Peaux
arme_principale: None
arme_secondaire: None
initiative: 0
vitesse: 9
sauvegarde_force: 0
sauvegarde_dexterite: 0
sauvegarde_constitution: 0
sauvegarde_intelligence: 0
sauvegarde_sagesse: 0
sauvegarde_charisme: 0
competence_acrobatie: False
competence_arcanes: True
competence_athletisme: False
competence_discretion: False
competence_histoire: False
competence_intimidation: False
competence_investigation: False
competence_medic: False
competence_nature: True
competence_perception: False
competence_persuasion: False
competence_religion: False
competence_survie: False
competence_tromperie: False
inventaire: []
niveau: 1
pv: 8
